---
layout:     post
title:      “I'm Hiring”
subtitle:   "I'm hiring Engineers”
date:       2015-11-21 13:30:00
author:     “Keith Mitchell”
header-img: "img/home-bg-ol.jpg"
---
<h2 class="section-heading">Calling all enginers</h2>

<p>I'm currently looking for 2 web developers to work within the Sport Engineering team and help us build our the Digital proposition for the Summer Olympic Games in Rio next year.</p>

<p>You'll join a strong team of 75 developers, designers, product owners, testers and technical project managers within our fabulous MediaCityUK offices. Working in Digital Sport gives you countless opportunities for growth - from mentoring, to speaking at conferences, to training as well as all the usual benefits of working in a large cross discipline team.</p>

<p>The roles are continuing roles (aka permenant) and will be split amongst 2 of the 4 engineering teams in Sport.  The first role will be within BBC Live, the team responsible for delivering our client-side Javascript Live application across a number of products including News, Music events and many more. The second will be within the core sport team which have responsibility for the front-end development of most of our estate including the home pages, stories and media pages and stats pages (such as fixtures, scores, results, tables.</p>

<p>With respect to technical skills we are ideally looking for a strong Javascript background.  We are currently in the process of adopting an approach for our front-end development based on Isomorphic JS and specifically ReactJS, so experience here would be sought.</p>

<p>To apply for these roles, use the BBC Careers link - http://careerssearch.bbc.co.uk/jobs/job/JavaScript-Software-Engineer/13701</p>
